[Music Plays]
Whoa! She's cute.
Who?
The girl in blue.
Ugh, dude, the fourteen year old?
No!
What are you guys talking about?
Chris thinks the girl in the blue's cute.
That thirty year old?
I'm talkin' about the girl who has on the liquid liner.
W-What is that? How do you know that?
Oh, it's makeup. My sister wears it, like, every day.
She's clearly twenty-four, five?
Fourty-five.
I can't tell anymore.
I'm gonna go talk to her to prove to you guys how delusional you are.
Alright, just make it quick because Reece's is about to end.
[Chuckles]
Ask her what her shirt tastes like.
I'm sorry. Do you mind if I sit here?
I'm sorry, do you mind if I sit here?
Um.
Yeah.
Be my guest.
"I'll put your service to the test"
"I'll put your service to the test."
What?
Beauty and the beast?
Oh!
I've never seen it.
My parents always said I was too mature for disney movies.
[Slide Whistle]
That's surprising.
Yeah,
I actually read the fairytale before I even knew there was a movie.
[Slide Whistle]
No way...
I had a weird childhood.
Do you always go around quoting lines from disney movies?
I-I can't get those movies out of my head.
Uh,
I am the same way.
With boy-bands.
[Slide Whistle]
Yessss-uhh, me too!
Really?
Favourite boy-band?
On 3.
One.
Two.
Three.
Backstreet boooooyyyyy..... / One direction!
I named my baby after Liam.
[Slide Whistle]
Your baby?
Yeah,
My adorable adopted baby Pomeranian.
[Slide Whistle]
Oooooohhhhh...
kayyyyyy...
Oh! I'm actually doing a project now on him for my animal rights course.
Do you wanna see?
Sure!
Ta-da!
[Slide Whistle]
Wooowwwww!
Aaaaaah!
I think it's pretty good.
'Cause..
I don't know computers.
[Slide Whistle]
Oh,
Oh, do you want some of my milk?
do you want some of my milk?
[Slide Whistle]
You're drinking milk?
Yeah,
I have a bad calcium deficiency,
Which is also why I sometimes have to use this.
[Pop]
WHAT?!
Calcium supplements.
Uh-huh.
[Slide Whistle]
It can get pretty painful sometimes.
It can get pretty painful sometimes
Like, [Gasp]
This year,
For my twenty-sixth birthday,
I had to be in a backbrace.
[Triumphant Fanfare]
Thank god!
Thank god...
For...
Your... Fashion sense!
you know, because you can...um
you'll probably wear whatever, and still make it look good.
You can probably wear whatever, and still make it look good.
thank you
Thank you. [Chuckles]
yeah
you know what you're working with
You know what you're working with.
Would you...like to go shopping with me?
[Music Picks Up]
YES!
I love shopping!
Have you been to Sephora lately?
They have a new urban decay liquid liner,
that would look really good on you
[Slide Whistle]
Great.
let me give you my contact info
okay
[Riffling through files]
Call me
Call me.
Hey everyone
Hey everyone!
Hope you guys liked that short.
I think a lot of people know Wong Fu productions
Because of the sketches that we make, and the videos.
But did you guys also know that we have,
A clothing brand, and that for many years now,
We've been, uhh, selling T-Shirts,
Through our Nice Guy designs brand
Where we represent nice guys and nice girls out there,
With positive messages, like the ones on this shirt.
Yeah, so this shirt in particular is really cool,
Because it was one of the first slogans,
We had for our brand, uhh, Nice Guy.
And this, this new design is kinda fresh,
And, uhh, it's a nice way to start this,
New way of doing things for the T-Shirts.
These shirts are gonna be super exclusive and limited.
They're only gonna be available in the next ten days,
So if you want the shirt, you gotta get it now.
After the first ten days,
The shirt's gonna be gone forever.
Only ten days, Ted?!
So we really hope you guys are excited for this new way of sharing designs with you guys.
If you are, check out the link at our store before it's too late.
Before they're gone forever!
Forever-ever?!
[Music Fades Out]